todo.md, before:

# TODO:

## GENERAL:
- Fix render distance from (apparantly) 250m to max
- Setup a CI/CD pipeline for this mission. (having to manually save and commit every time I finish a task is annoying and not intuitive)
- set up sectors at the bridges to capture and keep control over.
- set up sectors on various towns, settlements and radio towers to control over
- set win condition if either side captures ALL the bridgeheads AND the other ones base
## BLUEFOR:
- more aircraft at bluefor base

## OPFOR:
- Add actual opfor ground targets to shoot at!
- Fix bridgeheadsectors to become actual tasks


rework to make it more mission-like
-begin mission at insert point in North west of map go to castle ruins (Join up with local forces) to gain intel about SAM sites around airfield, capture airfield to gain some limited nato supplies (no respawns) (airdrops happen even if SAM sites are not disabled), eventually execute general with extreme prejudice.

OPTIONAL: capture a bridge, establish FOB at other side of river to enable respawn point

Commit message:

task to destroy one SAM site works! Added airfield at castle base.

todo.md, after:

# TODO:

## GENERAL:
- Fix render distance from (apparantly) 250m to max
- Setup a CI/CD pipeline for this mission. (having to manually save and commit every time I finish a task is annoying and not intuitive)
- set up sectors at the bridges to capture and keep control over.
- set up sectors on various towns, settlements and radio towers to control over
- set win condition if either side captures ALL the bridgeheads AND the other ones base
## BLUEFOR:
- more aircraft at bluefor base

## OPFOR:
- Add actual opfor ground targets to shoot at!
- Fix bridgeheadsectors to become actual tasks


# rework
 After feedback from friends i decided to rework the mission to make it less of an arcade and more of an actual mission.

## mission rundown
- Begin mission at insert point in North west of map
- Go to castle ruins (Join up with local forces) to gain intel about SAM sites around airfield
- Destroy SAM sites
- Capture airfield to gain some limited nato supplies (no respawns) (airdrops happen even if SAM sites are not disabled), 
- Eventually execute general with extreme prejudice.

OPTIONAL: capture a bridge, establish FOB at other side of river to enable respawn point closer to final objective.sd
